# alexandercabrales.github.io

Hi, how are you? My name is Alexander Cabrales. I'm 26, learning about computer software, programming, networking, hardware, and internet systems to start a career in Information Technologies.

I have a B.S. in Criminal Justice from CSUEB--Go Pioneers! I'm a student full time at Ohlone College currently studying to earn a honors A.A. in Natural Science with an Emphasis in Math and Technology, a honors A.A. in Liberal Artis with an Emphasis in Languages, and to get level-1 certified this Spring with the College Reading and Language Association (CRLA). I'm looking to earn a A.S. in Information Technologies as well from Ohlone. My ultimate goal in the future for my education is to earn a B.S. in Information Technology Management.

But, first, I'm looking to obtain a entry-level IT support position to allow me to grow as an individual both mentally with knowledge and physically by working with different pieces of computer hardware, such as keyboards, mice, printers, and monitors. I'm looking forward to learning more about programming and IT. For programming, I started with C++, then tweaked around with Python, and now I'm using HTML and CSS to create a website for a small business idea I have for English tutoring, as well as a personal website to show case my life. For IT, I'm currenty learning about Database Management through the use of queries, specifically with the SQL language using Oracle.

Most of my past work experience involves a lot customer service and food preparation. I've mainly worked in fast-food, working my way through college, flipping burgers to pay my debt off after college. I love In-N-Out. #115! I can't thank the company enough for allowing me to mature as an adult. First, thanks to Lindsey and the Snyder Family for creating such a great experience and product. Quality Burgers since 1948 and still the best burger I've had in my life. Period. Thanks to all my managers I've worked with there that motivated and pushed me: Zubin, Joe, Kristin, April, Lindsey, Drew, Marcel, Jasmin, and Brian. Also, thanks to every one whose been part of the family and I have had the pleasure of working along side with. I love cooking quality food and meeting new people more now after this work experience. I make a mean breakfast and burger now, too. Right on. (Dubmeat onion--chopped fresh onion instead--whlgr mstfried ketchup instead).

I'm currently working part-time as an English as a Second Language (ESL) tutor at Ohlone College. I've been working for Ohlone for almost a year now and I'm looking to complete level-2 of my CRLA certification this Fall along with my A.S. in Information Technologies. I've been, also, building a personal business and brand for the last 5 months. I'm still in the very early stages of the business and plan to start operating by late 2018 or early 2019.

Any questions, advice, and criticisms are all welcome: alexcabrales@rocketmail.com

Please visit my business website as well: https://cabralescritique.com
